[Movement I — Disorientation / Fragmented Thought | ambient, distant, no drums]

Okay, I have to explicitly name that I am removing the expectation of putting this to music as a necessity
simply because I have placed it in this location in the Google Drive
And if I really put this to music, I don’t know, maybe I have some issues
Hey look, this is going to probably end up being put to music
Because it’s the real feelings
(it’s real… real…)
and they’re complicated
(it’s messy…)
It’s messy and it’s real life

I was sitting there going—
Oh, no
Do I no longer have the right—
(right… right…)
thing to say

Because I decided to just create the organizational structure to place these unstructured feelings
and do it
in a way that allows me to easily translate it to the natural medium
that I’m probably going to translate it into anyway

Because it’s helping me to process my feelings
(process… process…)


[Movement II — Naming / Coherence Framework | low pulse enters, sub bass, tension builds]

I was wrestling
like, is this God telling me that I did something wrong

I have to name it
I have to

We were commanded to name it

If I don’t name the feeling
I can’t take control of the narrative

And if I can’t take control of the narrative
I can’t bring you into a sense of coherence with my world model

You will experience divergence

And if I can’t bring you into a sense of coherence with my world model
then we won’t see eye to eye

And even though some of us that don’t see eye to eye
know that we can still serve hand in hand
not everyone does


[Movement III — Identity Tension / Pressure | percussion builds, harmonic lift]

At the risk of over inflating myself with these words
without that intention
I’m doing groundbreaking work
(and I don’t know… don’t know…)

And I don’t really know how to process that

Have you ever wondered if you were or could become a genius
(and tried to do it)

Yeah, I think that will make sense
Tell that one to ’em

Growing up
I was told that not everybody can be great
to make me feel like I couldn’t be great

All I wanted was to be better

Than what I saw
to live better than the previous generation
to reap the fruits of their labor
and invest in the fruits of the future

To see the returns that Jesus promised
on my investments


[Movement IV — Naming Event (Collapse Point) | FULL BREAK, silence, then minimal sub]

I’m finally ready to say it
say it

I’m finally ready


[Movement V — The Event / Ben Section (Anchor) | minimal beat, heavy sub, subtle organ/choir texture]

I said it to my partners
who both are dark in skin

The church that I grew up in
the pastor way back then
the son of Ken
his name was Ben

I’m not afraid to name it clearly
(it happened… happened…)

It really did happen

After he had left the church
to pastor in the panhandle state

And Pastor Gregg had left

They brought Ben back
to teach us youth

He said it like a hymn
(amen… amen…)

Here’s the teaching that crossed the line
He never could come back from for me

He said
the mark of Cain
was the origin of skin with melanin


[Movement VI/CLIMAX — Recognition / Internal Truth | atmosphere returns, lighter tension]

I knew that SOMETHING was WRONG!
(wrong… wrong…)

I said it before

Listen to my songs
or read the lyrics…

I promise you will hear it

And now it’s been documented

His other heinous sins
of course he denies them

Can you really blame him

[Catchy Instrumental Melodic Interlude]

[Outro]
