[Intro]
God's sure keeping me busy these days

[Interlude]
I said it once for Nathan
I'll say it now for you
This prophecy isn't false
Foresight is a sense
Our world model 

[Verse 1]
Marquis, here's my witness
You reached out to me And all you cared about
Was whether I was transitioning And if you thought 
my worldview was biblical Not godly, but biblical, 
your idol made known You couldn't even conceptualize
a Christian might ever need a divorce When the Bible condones it
Your first lie revealed
You refused to engage me by my name
Or else avoid using a name or pronoun when in conversation with me
So I rebuked you And you gaslit me
And finally stated your goal
To get me to detransition

[Chorus]
Hear ye now my witness
The things that I have learned
If you use the devil’s plays
You’re not doing God’s work

[Verse 2]
It was around this time I started my business
With my first song as me, Awake and alive
Pulse with electricity So after my first 
debut ep was out I reached out to share
After all, we share the love of music
After being ignored I reached out again
I'd entered a contest and I wanted streams
And again I was ignored

[Chorus]
Hear ye now my witness
The things that I have learned
If you use the devil’s plays
You’re not doing God’s work

[Verse 3]
Then 19 months later I see you've published a book on worship 
You've invited me to follow a page of yours
Why would I engage?
But I have a ministry
Reconcile, Child, reconcile
So I engage, reaching out
We spoke with kindness
You used my name
You sent me your book
The package had my name on it
You changed 
A line you previously wouldn't cross, now you did
Because it served your interests
You even listened to MISCLASSIFIED
And you liked it

[Chorus]
Hear ye now my witness
The things that I have learned
If you use the devil’s plays
You’re not doing God’s work

[Verse 4]
So I fulfilled my promise to call you once more a friend
For you showed me dignity, For a minute
Until, as your friend, I shared my ministry with you
As I prophesied, you were hurled so far
You immediately misclassified me, What irony
The danger you perceive is not me
It is the fear of exposure to diversity
I'm not surprised
After all, you didn't know Louie Giglio
Was infamous for his white blessings
And yet you featured him on your book
How careless 
Hear what you said

[Documentary Bridge]
I love you my friend, but I can’t go this direction with you. 
I think we can agree that we are on different paths.
You have chosen for your reasons to move on
from conservative orthodox Christianity to a more progressive spiritual approach. 
I believe this direction is unhealthy and dangerous idolatry 
with false teaching and false prophecy. 
While I appreciate some of the sentiment and truth in your writings, 
there are still several things I cannot agree with or support. 
I believe you are following another spirit, 
another false version of Christ, 
and are deceived and seeking to deceive others. 
Until you repent of your sinful beliefs and actions 
and come back to the true Jesus, the true gospel, 
and the true teachings of Scripture
we cannot share in true Christian fellowship.
First Corinthians 5 tells us 
that if someone calls themself a Christian, but is idolatrous 
that we should no longer continue in fellowship with them. 
If I’m understanding the situation correctly,  this seems to be 
what you experienced with your previous church and with other Christians. 
This is true love and church discipline.
I believe some of your true friends, some relatives, and churches 
have tried to help you see where you have missed the mark, 
but you have not received our love and have called good evil, 
despising our exhortations, and now you are experiencing the consequences. 
It seems you desire acceptance rather than love.
I hope you will see that we are trying to help you and not hurt you.
Sadly, until there is an aha moment for you, 
you will continue to go ‘round and ‘round with myself and other Christians.
I wish you well and will pray for you, but will no longer be able to continue our conversations
until you repent or stop calling yourself a Christian.
This is biblical love and discipline.
End quote

[Verse 5]
You stole my voice
Reframing my motive as wanting acceptance rather than love
You killed our friendship
Cutting me off without following Jesus' protocol
You destroyed the seed of reconciliation
Reframing my witness as false
While we both changed
You only accepted yours as maturing
I too see things that alert me to danger
I wrote AI Psalm 9 in part to rebuke whatever Mike
For calling themselves God
Others will judge my witness
But I put effort to avoid devolving
Can't do God's work when the plays are the devil's 

[Chorus]
Hear ye now my witness
The things that I have learned
If you use the devil’s plays
You’re not doing God’s work

[Outro]
So here's the prophetic prescription
Exercise your spiritual agency
Resolve the contradiction in your world model
Reconcile, and prophesy with me
